I've had the opportunity to grow up in a privileged background
that enabled me to see the world as I grew up, expanding my
horizons greatly. Having a father in the oil industry meant
our family would up-and-leave every couple years to another
corner of the world.

Throughout my upbringing I was always interested in technology,
starting with the LEGO Mindstorm robotics kit. I began writing
code at an early age and it is still something I enjoy immensely,
which is what informed my decision to study computer science here
at UT Austin.

Spending time in Beijing during my highschool years allowed me to
see the effect of a smartphone-savvy populace. Seemingly everyone,
from young to old and rich to poor, had a solid understanding of
how to use a smartphone.

I would like to not only harness China's smartphone literacy as a
way to help empower those with less privileged upbringings, but I
would also like to bring that same literacy to the United States.

Examples of smartphone literacy to empower personal financial
improvement already exist. A majority of African nations have
skipped the "bank" stage, and now live in a bankless state,
where people can use their phones to maintain and regulate their
personal finances, rather than being beholden to a physical bank
which inherently reduces accessibility.

In a similar vein, one of my goals in life is to be in a position
where I can help others realize their entrepreneurial dreams. The
field of venture capital appeals to me because it provides the
perfect crossover of technology and business. Being able to
collaborate and work with a variety of founders, aiding them 
through their entrepreneurial journey would be not only rewarding
to myself, but also for potentially millions of people these
companies may help.

On a more personal scale, I hope to eventually start a family
and lay roots down in the Bay Area. I first moved here during
my final year of high school, where I graduated from Gunn.
I love the Bay not only for its perfect weather, but also the
environment and tech ecosystem as a whole. I now like to call
it home.
